# Meeting 6th of November

## Date
6/nov/2025 - 20:00 to 6/nov/2025 - 21:15

## Attendance
- Álvaro de Torres Barón
- Alba Llorente Ramírez
- Alicia Villaseñor Ormeño
- Hiba El Farissi
- Moataz Kobry (Was justifiably absent)
- Lucía Sánchez-Chiquito Gómez

[6th October Meeting Excel](https://pruebasaluuclm.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/ISOII-GA.1.1/_layouts/15/Doc2.aspx?action=edit&sourcedoc=%7B58eb2e0c-945b-4d77-a6c0-a1edde982b0e%7D&wdOrigin=TEAMS-WEB.teamsSdk_ns.rwc&wdExp=TEAMS-TREATMENT&wdhostclicktime=1762509043628&web=1)

## Key points

1. Opening of the meeting
2. Roll call
3. Discussion on quality characteristics
4. Fixing client/server application
5. Closing Git branch design
6. Configuration management
7. Discussion on software versions
8.Any other business
9. Closure of the meeting

### 1. Opening of the Meeting

The meeting began promptly at 20:00, with all members present except Mr. Korby, who was justifiably absent. The agenda was reviewed and approved without modification.

### 2. Roll Call and Project Progress

During the roll call, team members confirmed their attendance. The group discussed progress on the project and agreed to remap the use cases to specific iterations. This adjustment aims to reduce the total number of functional requirements to ensure timely project completion.

It was decided that Alba will take charge of Iteration 0, incorporating the updated changes.
The team also discussed Maven implementation, evaluating how it integrates into the current workflow and project dependencies.

As the team is currently running slightly behind schedule, it was agreed that programmers will need to increase their workload in the coming weeks to stay on track with delivery milestones.

We also agreed to start making excel calendars as explained by Ismael too keep better track of the assistance to the meetings.

### 3. Discussion on Quality Characteristics

The team identified and confirmed three key quality characteristics for the project:

**Security**: ensuring data protection and secure communication between client and server.

**Usability**: focusing on an intuitive and user-friendly interface.

**Maintainability**: promoting clean, modular code that simplifies future updates and debugging.

These characteristics will guide both development and quality assurance throughout the next iterations.

### 4. Client/Server Application

It was noted that the Client and Server components of the application are being developed separately. This separation will require careful synchronization and testing to ensure compatibility and stable communication between both ends of the system.

### 5. Git Branch Design

The team reviewed the Git branching strategy. Currently, there are two main development branches, one dedicated to the Client and another to the Server.
Each development branch contains multiple feature branches for specific functionalities.

Additionally, the repository includes:

Release branches for alpha and beta versions, and

The main branch, which will be used for production-ready code once the transition process is finalized in future phases.

### 6. Configuration Management

The team discussed the versioning scheme and agreed on how minor and major changes will affect version numbers. Naming conventions for various components were also standardized to maintain consistency across the development process.

### 7. Software Versions

The software stack and tool versions currently in use are as follows:

Java: 24

Visual Paradigm: 17.2

Eclipse IDE: 2023

Maven: 3.9.11

Microsoft 365: 2025

Git: 2.4

These tools were confirmed to be stable for ongoing development.

### 8. Any Other Business

The following tasks were assigned for the upcoming period:

Alba: Complete Iteration 0.

Irem: Finalize software content quality assessment.

Alicia: Complete the Git branching design documentation.

Álvaro: Prepare the meeting minutes, noting current issues and pending items.

Lucía: Continue research on Maven to optimize dependency management.

### 9. Closure of the Meeting

The meeting concluded at 21:15. The next meeting date will be scheduled once the current iteration’s progress has been reviewed.
