# Meeting 4th of November

## Attendance:
  - Álvaro de Torres Barón
  - Alba Llorente Ramírez
  - Alicia Villaseñor Ormeño
  - Hiba El Farissi
  - İrem Batıgün
  - Moataz Kobry
  - Lucía Sánchez-Chiquito Gómez

## Agenda

### 1. Remapping of iterations
During this meeting, we realized that what we had initially planned went beyond the time we actually had available. Therefore, we decided to restructure our iterations according to a new set of priorities(given that we formulated them wrongly).

### 2. Creation of pairs
We established 3 distinct pairs which will work on the implementation of the different iterations. Each pair will be assigned a set of iterations to implement.

## Next meeting
Discuss more in depth how we will structure the project in the branches, along with other git related issues(pull requests,tags,...).

Fix the imputation table

Pairs created
We have to remap FR to UC
Change the prioriries
Assignation of iterations to groups
Discuss branching
